Been thinking long...
...as I watched you all along...
...for so long that you knew.
knew yourself...
...that someone
was watching you...
Watching you all the time...
I ask myself...
...what I have to offer.
Why I keep watching you?
Could I be in love with you?
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Hey...
...how did you get here?
Namtarn.
can I take a picture with you?
One... two... three...
Thank you.
Want to take a picture?
Can you hold my baton?
Okay. I'm ready.
Big smile. okay?
Your cheeks look like they're
going to burst.
Okay... one... two... three...
Hey. can I ask you something?
Shoot.
How did you die?
I died of old age.
Damn it... I'm serious.
Wait a sec... I have to pee.
Want to know...
...why I got sent
here mid-term?
Hey. it's already 6 PM.
Let's hurry back.
Vichien. wait up!
Chatree Anantpitisuk. come meet
your parents in the dorm.
Pen. follow me downstairs.
Don't worry.
Everyone's asleep.
Where have you been?
What have you been up to?
Why did you do this?
Tell me where you've been!
Don't let me catch
you again!
Did you hear me?
Don't do this ever again!
...though we are apart...
...I can still feel your heart...
...in my embrace.
We once loved each other...
Chatree...
...Miss Pranee asked me to
bring this to you.
Here...
your dad sent this for you.
Hey. where'd you go?
Your dad was here.
Yeah? Well.
where did you disappear to?
You said no one
cares about you.
How about yourself?
Do you care about anyone
else but yourself?
If you've got something good.
you should share it with us.
Why do I have to share it?
Come on...
because we're buddies.
Friends always share
with friends. right?
Let's be friends. okay?
I bet the new boy's a faggot.
Why?
I dunno. He seems like a fairy.
I bet he reads gay porn.
That's why he won't share.
No wonder Miss Pranee
let him off lightly.
And kept the porn
for herself.
Pok.
lend me your sima lotion.
I'm getting a rash again.
Here you go.
Damn! Do you have balls
like a dinosaur?
How come it's all gone?
Nui. do you have any?
No. but I have formalin.
Want some?
Save it for your dad!
Want it?
Err... thanks.
Hold on.
Do you have
any sima lotion?
Pol. Capt. Vichai Chumchong
Sentenced to Prison for Corruption
His Family Pleads for Mercy
from the Judge
Pol. Capt. Vichai Chumchong
sentenced to 25 years in prison...
Chatree. your mom's on the phone.
Mom?
Ton. it's your father.
Umm... Ton...
I asked Pen to move out of
our house. okay?
How come you never pick up
the phone when I call?
If you think that I sent you
away because of Pen...
...then you're wrong.
Umm... how do you like
your new school?
Vichien.
You have to stay
here every night...
...because I'm sleeping
in your bed. right?
Did he faint?
No. I think he sniffed the ether
used to knock out the rabbits.
Don't crowd him. Back off. boys.
Chalemphol. how many times have
I told you not to sniff ether?
He's regaining consciousness.
He's not dead. He's not dead.
It's like I died and
came back to life.
Liar. You were only out
for a few seconds.
But I really felt like I died.
And I had trouble breathing.
And everything was dark.
And I saw...
Wow. I can't believe it!
If anyone wants to know...
...what lies beyond death...
...feel free to consult me.
Hey fatso... no one gives a shit
where your spirit went!
I'm getting hungry.
Let's go.
What the...!
Vichien! Don't jump!
Now you know...
...how I died. right?
Why did you drown yourself?
Who said I drowned myself?
It's more stupid than that.
That day...
...we didn't want
to stop swimming.
It was getting dark.
Help!
Help me!
Hey! Tira is drowning!
Tira is drowning!
Where is he?
Idiots! I fooled you!
You were faking it?
That's pretty funny.
Did you do your
homework yet?
I forgot. It's for the
first period too.
Help me!
Hey... Vichien is drowning.
Go ahead and save him.
But he could be faking it.
Help me!
Hey. let's go. It's getting late.
Let's go.
Hey. I'm leaving now.
Then how come
they say that...
...Miss Pranee was related
to your death?
Did you read that
newspaper?
It's about my father.
Miss Pranee didn't want
me to find out.
Vichien!
What are you doing?
Who gave you
permission to enter?
Come here.
Why did you do this? Why?
Why? I'll hit you until
I break your hand.
I just wanted to read the
news about my father.
Unfortunately.
Miss Pranee caught me first.
Miss Pranee. Vichien hasn't
returned to the dorm yet.
Before my accident...
...I managed to sneak back in
to steal the newspaper.
Ever since then...
...Miss Pranee has thought
that my death...
...was her fault.
But how come you
have to drown...
...over and over like this?
I don't know.
Will you be stuck like this...
for much longer?
I don't know myself.
But it's really cold
at the bottom.
See... didn't I tell you.
That it must be the boy who
drowned in the pool?
I've seen ghosts
like this before.
At my old house...
a motorcycle crashed rounding
the corner at night.
The driver flew off his bike
and died instantly.
After that night...
...I'd hear the same motorbike...
...skid around the corner
almost every night.
As if the spirit hadn't
been reborn yet...
so it had to re-enact it's death...
...over and over.
What then?
We moved the heck out of there.
No...
How do we help the
spirits get reborn...
...so they stop re-enacting
their own deaths?
Ghosts and humans occupy
separate worlds.
To help a ghost
you must be a ghost.
To be a ghost.
you have to die first.
Unless you can split your spirit
from your body.
Are you crazy?
Why would you want to die?
Ton...
...swear that you won't do it.
Hey. promise me.
Dr. Nui. what the hell
are you looking at?
Something's wrong with Chatree.
He seems strange.
Shit. the other day you said
he wasn't strange.
I know.
But today he seems strange.
Maybe...
...he's going to
jump off the building.
How the hell can he jump
through the grille?
Can you see that water tank?
I've climbed to the top before.
The view is even nicer
than from up there.
I'll take you there some day.
Chatree has disappeared.
Playing during dinner again?
You'll see...
I'll teach you a lesson.
Hey. Chatree! Chatree!
Chatree. are you okay?
Chatree. wake up!
Killed himself. right?
No.
I think he split his spirit
from his body.
What are you talking about?
Splitting spirits from what?
He told me himself...
that he wanted to help his
friend that drowned in the pool.
I suggested he could if he split
his spirit from his body.
Trust me...
...we have to take him
to the old pool.
Miss Pranee.
Chatree killed himself.
Vichien's drowning!
Help me!
Here!
What's that for?
You idiot! To break the lock!
What do we do now?
You told me that no
one cares about you.
How about yourself?
Do you care about anyone
else but yourself?
Hey... let me go!
Are you still mad
at your friends...
...for not saving you from
drowning?
No. I'm not mad anymore.
How about you?
Do you still want to run
away from school?
No. not anymore.
If I did. I would run straight
to Namtarn's embrace.
Hey. hey...
I know what you're thinking.
Don't! I remember the way
you looked at her. too.
I've had my heart set
on her for years.
When will we go visit
her again?
Hey... Ton...
...I've got to leave now.
Hey... Chatree is coming to.
Miss Pranee.
Chatree is fine now.
I never knew our
school was this big.
Hey... Why are you so amazed.
About the side of the school?
I know from experience.
Miss Pranee made me run
around the school before.
Tears are falling from my eyes.
You're the
one who's going to fall.
Okay. calm down.
I was only kidding.
Hey. Ton...
...why didn't you tell Miss Pranee
the truth about Vichien?
Yeah. instead of letting us
all get punished.
I don't think
she'd believe me.
But... we all believe you.
If you happen to
see another ghost...
...feel free to consult me. okay?
But don't consult me.
okay?
Let me be the first one to
consult you then.
Why the heck do you
speak with a lisp?
Chatree Anantpitisuk. please
meet your parents in the dorm.
I guess I'm off.
See you guys next year.
Good luck. man.
Good luck.
Ton. take me to see the
swimming pool. please!
Be patient. Toh.
Let him pack his things first.
Okay.
but then can we see it?
Yes. dear.
Having you been
eating enough food?
You've gotten darker.
And lost weight as well.
You've been playing
outdoors too much. right?
Mom. you're embarassing me.
Why be embarassed?
When you're older I won't
get to hug you anymore.
Toh. stay around here. okay.
Let's get your bags. dear.
Dad...
I like this school now.
Miss Pranee...
Vichien didn't kill himself.
His drowning was
really an accident.
Vichien asked me
to apologize...
...for breaking your
record player that day.
He knows that...
...you were concerned about him.
Thank you. Miss Pranee...
...for always taking care of us.
See you next year.
Miss Pranee.
I still remember the first day
my father took me home.
It was a Friday afternoon
much like any other.
But something had
changed inside of me.
That term. I only grew
two centimetres.
It'll be a while before I'm
a grown man.
Being friends with Vichien made
me see things more clearly.
At that time.
I didn't know...
...what adventures the
next term had in store.
But I knew that I wanted to
rejoin my gang of friends.
Because I've learned that with
one close friend by your side...
...Even the worst things in life...
...will eventually pass...
...in just one short breath.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org